=head1 NAME

DSML-RPC (Directory Service Markup Language RPC)

=head1 SYNOPSIS
 
 use XML::Parser;
 use DSML;

 my $parser =  new XML::Parser();
 $parser->setHandlers( Start => \&start,
                       End => \&end,
                       Char => \&char);

 
 $parser->parse($dsml);
 
 my $obj = GetRequest();
 
 ....
 # Do LDAP operation
 ....
 
 ErrorResponse($msg->error_name, $msg->error_text) if ($error);
 # Request isn't search
 GeneralResponse($obj->reqType, $msg->code, $msg->error_name) unless($error);
 
 # Request is search
 SearchResponse($msg);

=head1 DESCRIPTION
 
 This module use XML::Parser to parse DSML document and build a structure which contain
 all element to make requests to an LDAP server.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item start

 This is the handler for XML::Parser Start.
 

=item end

 This is the handler for XML::Parser End.

=item char

 This is the handler for XML::Parser Char.

=item GetRequest

 Return an DSML::Request object which contains information to make 
 LDAP operation. This object is created during parsing of XML.

=item GetResponse
 
 Return a scalar which contains result of LDAP operation. It is in 
 XML.

=item ErrorResponse (NAME, MESSAGE)
 
 If LDAP operation returns an error, this method build an XML
 that contains name of error and a short descrption of it.

=item SearchResponse (SEARCH)
 
 This method get in input a Net::LDAP::Search object returned by Net::LDAP 
 search method and build an XML from it.

=item GeneralResponse (TYPE, CODE, MESSAGE)

 This method build an XML for other LDAP Operation. It get type of operation
 (modifyRequest, addRequest, delRequest, ...), result code and 
 a short description of it.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Net::LDAP>,
L<XML::Parser>

=head1 NOTES

 This module is based on DSMLv2.xsd contained in this distribution. 
 I made some changes to original XML schema definition because I needed
 information about host, port (to contact LDAP server), username and 
 password (to authenticate on LDAP server).

=head1 AUTHOR

Sevastian Foglia E<lt>sf@yacme.comE<gt>
YACME s.r.l. E<lt>http://www.yacme.comE<gt>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2004 YACME s.r.l. All rights reserved. This program is
free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same
terms as Perl itself.

